Note: This report was prepared at the Federal Reserve Bank of Cleveland based on information collected on or before February 23, 2026. This document summarizes comments received from contacts outside the Federal Reserve System and is not a commentary on the views of Federal Reserve officials. Overall Economic Activity Overall economic activity increased at a slight to moderate pace in seven of the twelve Federal Reserve Districts, while the number of Districts reporting flat or declining activity increased from four in the prior period to five in the current period. Although consumer spending increased slightly on balance, two Districts reported ongoing declines, and many noted that sales were dampened by economic uncertainty, increased price sensitivity, and lower-income consumers pulling back on spending. Districts impacted by winter storms said that retail traffic generally slowed, and one District said immigration enforcement activity negatively affected customer demand in urban areas. Auto sales were mostly down for Districts that reported on them, with many citing continuing affordability issues. Manufacturing activity improved overall since the previous reporting period, with eight Districts reporting varying degrees of growth and two reporting declines. Manufacturing contacts in many Districts reported increases in new orders, and several cited boosts in demand from data centers and, relatedly, energy infrastructure. Transportation activity was mixed across Districts that reported on it, with three reporting contractions and two reporting modest growth. Overall, financial services activity was reported as stable to up, with commercial lending being the primary area of strength. For most Districts that reported on residential real estate and construction, sales and activity decreased slightly, with low inventories and affordability remaining key issues. Nonresidential construction activity was mixed across reporting Districts but increased slightly on net. Among reporting Districts, agricultural conditions were mostly flat, and energy activity grew modestly on balance. Overall, economic expectations were optimistic, with most Districts expecting slight to moderate growth in the coming months. Labor Markets Employment levels were generally stable in recent weeks as seven of the twelve Districts reported no change in hiring. Contacts in several Districts cited rising nonlabor input costs, softer demand, or uncertainty about overall economic conditions as reasons for flat or lower employment levels. Firms in some Districts and in various sectors looked to AI or other forms of automation to gain efficiencies, with most emphasizing the goal of productivity enhancement rather than worker replacement. Wages rose at a modest or moderate pace in most Districts as firms competed for talent in select areas, including the skilled trades. Several Districts continued to report upward pressure on total compensation due to rising health insurance premiums. Prices Prices increased moderately in recent weeks, with eight Districts reporting moderate price growth and four seeing slight or modest increases. Many Districts reported that costs rose across several nonlabor inputs, including insurance, utilities and energy, and metals and other raw materials. Nine Districts mentioned that tariffs contributed to increased costs. Some firms continued to pass tariff-related cost increases through to their customers, and others began to do so after having absorbed previous increases. Still, most Districts received reports of some firms holding selling prices stable despite higher costs because their customers were increasingly price sensitive. On balance, firms expected prices to rise at a somewhat slower pace in the near term. Highlights by Federal Reserve District Boston Economic activity was flat on balance, as was consumer spending. Employment edged down, and wage growth was slight. Prices rose modestly, as several contacts reported ongoing cost pressures from tariffs, while certain food prices were marked down from previously elevated levels. The outlook improved, but financial pressures on low-income families remained intense. New York Economic activity declined modestly despite a small pickup in manufacturing. Employment remained flat, and wage growth was steady and modest. Selling price increases remained moderate. Consumer spending grew slightly, though uncertainty prompted some consumers to pause major purchases and pull back on spending. Businesses expected conditions to improve somewhat. Philadelphia Economic activity in the Third District grew modestly, up from a slight pace last period. Sales activity grew, despite many contacts noting that activity was hampered by adverse weather. Employment levels again rose modestly. Firms reported own-price inflation ticked down in the first quarter, while wage inflation remained modest. Contacts continued to report that low-, middle-, and fixed-income households were struggling to pay for necessities. Cleveland Fourth District business activity increased modestly in recent weeks, with continued modest growth expected in the months ahead. Manufacturing and commercial construction contacts reported increased demand, with several highlighting data center development as a primary driver of activity. Nonlabor cost pressures remained robust, while selling prices continued to increase moderately. Richmond The regional economy continued to grow modestly in recent weeks. Consumer spending on retail was flat while spending on travel and tourism increased slightly. Manufacturing and residential real estate activity declined while commercial real estate activity increased moderately. Employment increased slightly. Prices continued to grow at a moderate year-over-year rate. Atlanta Economic activity expanded at a modest to moderate pace. Employment was flat to down somewhat; wages grew modestly. Prices were flat to slightly up. Consumer spending and tourism increased. Housing demand improved, but commercial real estate slowed. Transportation demand was flat to slightly down, while manufacturing was up slightly. Energy activity grew moderately. Chicago Economic activity increased slightly. Manufacturing demand rose modestly; consumer spending and construction and real estate activity rose slightly; employment and business spending were flat; and nonbusiness contacts saw no change in activity. Prices and wages rose moderately, and financial conditions loosened. Farm income in 2026 was expected to be similar to 2025. St. Louis Economic activity has remained unchanged since our previous report but is expected to increase over the next few months. Employment levels were unchanged. Wages and prices continued to increase moderately. The outlook among contacts has improved to be cautiously optimistic. Minneapolis District economic activity fell slightly. Employment softened while labor demand was little changed. Wage growth was moderate, and prices ticked up modestly. Consumer spending fell. Manufacturing decreased moderately. Construction activity was moderately lower with larger declines in nonresidential building. Agricultural conditions remained largely unchanged at weak levels. Kansas City Economic activity in the Tenth District increased slightly over the reporting period. Labor conditions remained steady, with firms utilizing technology and workflow improvements to ease operational constraints. Prices have increased slightly. Energy activity increased modestly as higher oil and natural gas prices supported additional drilling activity. Dallas Economic activity in the Eleventh District expanded moderately over the reporting period, vigorously in manufacturing and modestly in services. Bank lending, retail sales, and commercial real estate transactions grew. Energy sector activity declined and agricultural conditions worsened. Employment grew slightly, while wages and prices increased modestly to robustly. Outlooks remained steady despite elevated uncertainty. San Francisco Economic activity contracted slightly over the reporting period. Employment was stable on net, but layoffs were reported in technology services. Prices rose moderately, while wages grew slightly. Activity in retail and services weakened slightly, and contacts described a bifurcated economy. Conditions were stable in manufacturing and agriculture but mixed in real estate. We serve the public by pursuing a growing economy and stable financial system that work for all of us.